Update docs considering changes on Rocky 24R2 (#63)
ansys/pyrocky: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contribute
```

> For contributing to this project, please refer to the [PyRocky Developer's Guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on contributing to this project, see the [PyRocky Developer's Guide].
```
Avoid "please" in technical documentation. I'm confused by the link. Doesn't this URL ( https://rocky.docs.pyansys.com/version/dev/contributing.html) refer to this the HTML output for this MD file? See this [Contribute](https://visualization-interface.tools.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/contributing.html) section (which is the standard heading) for the introductory text normally used.

Author: The real "Contribution Guide" is at `doc/source/contributing.rst`. But it's a common practice for open source projects to have a `CONTRIBUTING` file at the root folder (and most PyAnsys projects follow this). So here we just point to the real "Contribution Guide".
